No, Harshad.
No.
It's very risky.
Risk is the spice of life.
What?
Sir, tell me one thing.
How many big bulls
are there in India?
Only two. You and I.
So, we are made for each other.
We've reached where we are,
because we took risks.
Right?
Sir, it's very simple.
You just have to issue
cheques in the name of Grindlays.
It's just a ready-forward deal
for you.
But...
I would need...
...BRs from Grindlays in return.
And you will get them. Definitely.
Leave that to me.
It's just a matter of 15 days.
And in 15 days, NHB will get
its money back.
And Sir, the Delhi offer stands.
It's Harshad's guarantee to you, sir.
You will get positioned
in the parliament.
Okay.
[Pherwani] 'Okay. I'll do it.'
But...
...if anything goes wrong...
...then...
...my reputation of forty years...
...for which I worked so hard...
...will go down the drain.
- Do you understand that?
- Sir.
Why are you thinking
of going down...
...when the messages
are coming from up?
Huh?
We are protected
by higher powers.
[Title Montage]
Good morning, sir.
[Das] 'Yes, Madhavan.
Please come in.'
'So... Did you see the file?'
Yes.
It will take time
to comprehend.
It's a financial scam.
We will need
to investigate it differently.
Scam.
Sir, it's a new word
for a big theft.
I get that.
It's a financial fraud.
Transactions are very complicated.
Sir, if we go into details,
we will get caught in a web of numbers.
So, I'm saying, let's just focus
on what we know.
It's a theft.
And there is only one way
to investigate thieves, sir.
Hmm.
Go ahead.
Do it your way.
There won't be any pressure.
But, remember one thing.
This scam is 50 times bigger
than Bofors.
It can be murkier than Bofors.
Plus, the Government
and the media...
...will keep the pressure up.
Sir, what's new in that?
We are used to that.
Give me a few days, sir,
to get my team together.
RBI Governor?
- We have to investigate him?
-[laughs]
If it were up to you,
you would even investigate me.
[Das] 'But the Governor
is there to guide us.'
He will help you out,
with the right people.
Okay. Superb.
I'll get started.
- Thank you.
- All the best.
[Debashis] 'Did you catch hold of a
James Bond this time?'
Another mystery-man.
And does this James Bond
live here?
Not James Bond.
Subramaniam.
Sucheta, don't you think
this can be some sort of a trap?
Who will try to trap me? Harshad?
Don't worry.
He isn't a villain from a movie.
Anyway, if anything happens
to me now...
...public's perception will immediately
doubt him.
He is a smart Gujarati.
He won't be so stupid.
So, where did this mystery Bond call from?
Public booth.
Okay. Let's agree that Harshad
is a smart Gujarati.
But because of him, a lot of
stupid people are getting anxious.
Sucheta, it's a 5,000 crore scam.
- A lot of people are involved.
- I know.
- From top to the bottom.
- Sucheta madam.
- Oh, Subramaniam?
- Yes, follow me.
Please come.
Be careful, madam.
Please come. Have a seat.
Under immense pressure from
the opposition in the parliament...
...the government has finally decided
to take more decisive steps...
...to investigate
the financial scam...
"...that has rocked
the Bombay Stock Exchange."
"The RBI has also announced..."
"...that it has formed a committee
headed by Deputy..."
[thud of remote on the table]
CBI won't understand a thing.
They will only look for a scapegoat.
And RBI... to save its image,
RBI will let them tarnish everyone else's.
I knew it.
I knew
they would all betray us.
Just what I was afraid of.
Harshad, we need to do
something, or else...
- Are you listening to me?
- I heard you.
I...
...trust only my wife
and Subramaniam.
That's why I'm meeting you
here, at his house.
Now, as far as
Pherwani is concerned...
I'm afraid...
...I can't do much myself.
Why can't you do much?
Why are you telling us this?
You are the Governor of RBI.
You can talk to Pherwani directly
if you want.
Pherwani is not a small-time broker
or an upstart like Harshad.
He has a reputation.
I can't confront him directly.
[Venkitarajan clicks tongue]
- Look.
-[clears throat]
All said and done,
I have my limitations.
I'm a government servant.
If RBI really wants to...
...take action against people
like Pherwani, then...
...there should be external pressure.
You... get it, don't you?
You mean...
...we have to build
external pressure?
But how?
Without any substantial proof
or verification.
NHB gave 500 crores
to Grindlays...
So that Harshad
could have access to the cash.
All that they needed
to show in their books...
...was a simple
ready-forward transaction.
Because there were no securities
from Grindlays.
And that is how Harshad managed
to repay the cash to SBI.
So, you were the source of
News Press' 5,000 crore story?
Good night.
- Harshad.
- Yes, Pherwani ji.
[Pherwani] 'You know what's happened.
Right?'
Why are you so worried?
'Your name won't come out.'
Look, the SBI problem has
been solved.
I don't owe a single penny to SBI.
[Harshad] 'Just relax.
Nothing is going to happen.'
Harshad, Sucheta had called me.
Who? Sucheta Dalal?
[Pherwani] 'Yes.'
- What did she say?
- She was asking...
...if NHB gave 500 crores
to Harshad.
If I bailed you out?
And what did you say?
Harshad, they have asked me to appear
before a committee that...
...RBI has just formed.
Janakiraman Committee.
So, what are you going
to tell the committee?
Hello! Pherwani ji!
♪Whether we like it or not...♪
♪...we are fellow travellers...♪
♪...on the path of life...♪
Give me a cup of coffee.
Today the Sensex crashed
once again...
...after the reports came out
about Manohar Pherwani...
...the current non-executive chairman
of the National Housing Bank...
...regarding his involvement
in the scam.
There have been demands
from various quarters...
...that Mr. Pherwani resigns
from his position.
Viewers should know
that the National Housing Bank...
...is a wholly owned subsidiary
of the RBI.
The RBI governor,
Mr. Venkitarajan has said...
...that RBI is looking
into the charges...
...and would take
appropriate steps soon.
What are you saying, Pherwani ji?
Resignation is not a solution.
Why do you need to resign?
You just have to say that you have
nothing to do with this transaction.
That's it.
Then it's my problem, right?
I'll handle it.
And as far as issuing the cheque
in my name is concerned...
...this is not the first time
I am doing this.
This is standard practice
in the money-market.
It may be unofficial,
but everyone does it.
Once I buy the securities, the money
will be transferred to my account.
After all, I'm the one
who has to repay it.
Isn't it logical?
Everyone does it to save time.
And I'm returning NHB's 500 crores,
as soon as possible.
You don't worry.
Your name will be cleared, 100 percent.
Just trust me.
Harshad.
Trust is still something
that's very expensive.
I have decided.
I have no other option...
...but to resign.
[doorbell rings]
[Madhavan] 'Good morning.'
- Manohar. J. Pherwani ji.
-[Pherwani] 'Yes.'
K. Madhavan. Joint Director, CBI.
We have a warrant
to search your entire house.
Carry on.
Good morning.
[thud of golf club]
[Tyagi sighs]
You know the most important shot
in golf...
...is always the next one.
And my next shot, will be on Harshad.
The most important one.
I just hope he is
dressed appropriately.
Come on. He is an amateur.
He doesn't know the difference between
swinging a cricket bat and a golf club.
But he thought
he could swing the markets.
This cricketer won't come
to the golf course with his bat, will he?
I still don't get it.
Why is he coming
to the golf course to meet you?
He is desperate.
A drowning man clutching at a straw.
- There's another one.
- Okay.
When it's needed...
- ...you even crown the donkey.
-[Kedia laughs]
[Harshad] 'That's right.'
The perfect saying.
There's yet another one.
In Kabul, you don't get only peas,
you also get donkeys.
Did you get it?
Forget it.
Good morning, Tyagu.
Great!
You are in a good mood today!
[Pranav laughs]
Good.
What an absolute privilege, Harshad.
The big bull.
Amitabh Bachchan of BSE.
We must have done
something right, AK...
...that today...
...we got an opportunity
to meet you.
- Will you play?
- Who me? No thanks...
This game is beyond me.
I can only play tipcat with a stick.
You guys carry on.
Huh?
Pranav Bhai.
Go peel them, brother!
[thud of the golf club]
It's clean, sir.
Mr. Pherwani, why don't you
come with us?
You mean, right now?
Yes. I mean right now.
I'm not very comfortable here.
You see, if I get my space, my tea...
...I'll perhaps be able to ask
the right questions.
And then, maybe...
I'll get the right answers
from you.
Hmm?
I'll buy all his holdings
at my price.
At a heavy discount.
- It will finish him off.
-[Kedia clicks tongue]
Come on. Think again.
If you don't buy his holdings...
...he won't have 500 crores
to pay back NHB.
He will be completely finished.
History.
So, please...
Please put the temptation aside.
No, AK.
After committing such a big fraud,
no one goes to jail.
Bail in a month...
And then, it's all forgotten.
This is not temptation.
What I'm suggesting
is good for business.
Oh, but this is not about business, Tyagu.
This is personal.
Not you, Sir!
Take him by the stairs.
That way, you will get a tour
of the CBI office. Okay?
You come in.
Bring him with you.
It's not much. Only five floors.
[lift door closes]
Shall we talk business?
Tell me what's your offer
for my 1400 crores of holdings?
Thirty-five percent.
This f**...
Is he high?
Thirty-five percent haircut?
Even in the worst of times...
...a good businessman doesn't take
a haircut of more than 25 percent.
You may not know it,
but this is a set market practice.
You are misunderstanding me, Harshad.
I'm not offering you 35 percent haircut.
I'm offering you 35 percent
of your entire holdings.
Thirty-five percent of 1400 crores.
Comes to... what... 490 crores?
And since you've come here
to play golf with me...
...I'll make it a round figure.
Take ten crores more.
500 crores in all.
You'll get it today.
I know that's all you need.
[Tyagi] 'All the shares can be
exchanged by the evening today.'
Come on. Take the offer.
So close, yet so far.
Without a recipe,
the buffalo sits down to cook.
What?
You see...
...a person who doesn't understand
business shouldn't do it.
He ruins it for everyone.
So, let the buffalo handle its own horns.
Thank you for your generous offer.
If you want me to drown,
I'll take you down with me.
I've been trying to explain,
but you're not willing to understand.
You only want to hear what suits you.
- Try again.
- Look.
This was a simple
ready-forward deal.
Okay.
We took securities from Grindlays.
And we paid Grindlays 500 crores.
Now...
...how would I know
Harshad Mehta's condition at the time?
And if Grindlays gave
that money to Harshad...
...how is that my fault?
Why do I affect it?
No... You are absolutely right.
I just want to know...
...where are those securities of 500 crores
that you received?
Well...
Not securities. BRs.
Didn't you say just now...
...that you bought securities
worth 500 crores from Grindlays Bank?
You just said that, didn't you?
And now you are saying,
it's not securities, but BRs.
Do you take me for an a*****e,
you d**k h**d! Huh?
For two hours, you've been
on a loop, trying to confuse me...
...'BR, ready-forward...'
'BR, ready-forward...'
Who will explain to me? What is a BR?
What the hell is a BR?
Will you tell me?
Sir, BR means bank receipt.
Is he right?
Yes.
So, was it so hard for you
to say "bank receipt"?
BR... BR...
I'll see you again.
This congregation is over.
And I'm going to ask you the same
questions at the same place.
And next time, tell me the truth
before having tea.
Not in the language of your market.
In a language that a poor man
like me can understand. Okay?
[Madhavan] 'You may go now.'
Take the lift on your way out.
You did all the hard work coming up.
Now...
...whether you take the lift
or the stairs...
...the only way, is down.
I also have a proverb for you.
Is the brain mightier, or the bull?
Of course, you'd say the bull, right?
...because you've forgotten
how to use your brain.
Or else, you wouldn't have shown off
and thrown proverbs at him...
...and walked away without a deal...
You'd better find a buyer fast.
These CBI guys are crazy.
They can do anything.
They can even slap you.
He is a proud man.
It will take some time.
But sir, just one more session...
...and he will confess
without a second thought.
He is a man whose pride
has been wounded.
People like him can't sleep.
He won't take much time.
Right, sir.
Till then, let's focus
on Mr. Harshad Mehta, sir.
The more time he gets...
...he will find a way to save himself.
But, Madhavan, remember.
He is a smart chap.
Be careful with him.
[Das] 'He has some very powerful people
protecting him.'
Right.
[Das] 'Make sure you leave no
loopholes before bringing him to book.'
Right, sir.
When we bring him in, sir,
it will be for good.
I won't take much of your time.
I just have one little question.
You are in charge of treasury
and investment management division.
- Yes...
- Right?
Right. And yet, you weren't aware
that your subordinates...
...were in cahoots with Harshad
in such a plunder?
- You see...
- [Khemani clears throat]
My job is to get the best deal
for my employer, SBI.
- Right.
- That's it.
It's Sitaraman's job to execute
the actual transactions.
- That was his job.
- Okay...
I mean...
...I can't be responsible
for his botch-ups, you know.
Right.
If he tells me...
...that he has received
the delivery of securities...
Then what can I do?
- Correct.
- I trusted him.
But he lied.
Okay.
You trusted him?
- Yes.
- Okay...
- And he lied.
- Absolutely.
Okay...
Now I understand.
You know, Mr. Khemani,
I have many subordinates...
...and I have to rely
on their work.
- Yes.
- And I really trust them. Really trust them.
But if any of my subordinates...
...would have done such a plunder...
I would've slapped him so hard
that he would pee in his pants.
But then maybe your job
does not allow you to be violent.
Yeah. It doesn't actually.
My job...
...allows me to be violent.
Sometimes.
Just one thing I want to know.
I mean, I'm curious. That's all.
See, if you really wanted to exercise
control over Sitaraman...
[Madhavan] '...you could have done it.
Right?'
'Yes or no?'
Yes or no, Mr. Khemani?
Just a yes or a no.
I'll be more comfortable
in my cabin...
What? Louder.
I can't hear you.
My staff is watching.
Louder...
Louder, please.
Staff is looking at us.
What are you looking at?
Do your work.
- I mean... I'll be comfortable there.
- Yeah. Let's go.
- Come on, let's go.
- Please. Sorry, sir.
You trust me, right?
- Yes... Absolutely.
- Come.
Your locker looks more like
Bappi Lahiri's than yours.
So much jewellery.
Actually, my daughter is
getting married. That's why.
Why drag your daughter into this,
my poor father?
Even for the wedding, how did you
get so much jewellery?
My daughter bought it
with her money.
- Okay. Her money.
- Yes.
- What's your daughter's name?
- Anita.
Anitha.
Anita with a "T".
- Anita. Okay.
- "Ta".
What does she do?
Well...
It must be a good job.
So much jewellery, after all.
Okay?
She can earn and buy
so much jewellery.
But she can't have her own locker?
[Kamat stammers]
[Madhavan] 'Strange.'
'The thing is, Mr. Kamat...'
...we will have to seal the locker.
-[Kamat] 'Sir!'
- Unfortunately.
Sir, the wedding is in a few days.
You can't seal the locker.
Right...
You see, you have sealed
your mouth...
...so we also need to seal
something, right?
- Or we will be left behind.
- Sir.
One more advice.
Instead of the locker,
you should worry about the lock-up.
-[Kamat] 'Sir.'
- Look, if you get arrested...
...who will give away
your daughter at the wedding?
I am very busy.
Sir, please sir.
Sir...
- Congratulations for the wedding.
- Sir...
Have a good day.
Sir.
[Madhavan] 'After talking
to all these people...'
'...I've begun to feel...'
...that you are the real boss
of SBI.
SBI. Sitaraman Bank of India.
Isn't it?
Sir, I didn't do anything.
All your seniors are saying
that you did it.
Everyone is taking your name.
You are a VIP, aren't you?
You travel by air to Palani.
Do you or not?
I don't know, sir...
- Senior...
- Hey! Don't you know Hindi?
- Tamil-Tamil...
- I'm from Delhi. Got it?
Speak in Hindi.
What can happen without
the authority of the seniors, sir?
You say nothing happens without
the approval of the seniors.
Seniors say
they don't know anything...
...it's all the junior's doing.
What should I do?
Sitaraman ji, I have no interest
in banking technicalities.
I just want to know the name.
So, tell me the names
of all those who are involved.
Otherwise, in today's day and age...
...you will have to take
a trial by fire.
Got it?
Think about it.
Seniors will go scott-free.
You will be f**ked.
Now, do you know?
Good.
The Central Bureau
of Investigation, today froze...
...stock broker, Harshad Mehta's
bank accounts.
"All of this is a part
of the investigation..."
"...being conducted against him..."
"...for fraudulently misappropriating
rupees 500 crores..."
"...from the State Bank of India."
Everything is ruined.
The curse of CBI has struck.
All our bank accounts are frozen.
Will you manage now?
Tell me.
Come on, kids. Go upstairs. Go on.
- Tell me.
- What do you want to hear?
[Harshad] 'Huh?'
Solution?
[Harshad smirks]
You own this company
as much as I do. Got it?
Don't always ask questions.
Come with a solution sometimes.
When I came with a solution,
you were flying high.
"Ashwin, I'll manage everything."
If Pherwani shoots off his mouth
to the CBI, Harshad...
So? So what? Sit down.
Use your brain sometimes.
If Pherwani says anything,
the PMO will also be mentioned. Got it?
What is it?
-[Ashwin] 'We are just talking.'
-[Harshad] 'Let them hear.'
You were yelling
in front of the kids.
Everyone knows now.
Have a seat, Bhabhi.
Sit here.
Harshad, do you understand
what you are saying?
Do you think the CBI will go
after the Prime Minister Office?
And... do something about this Pherwani.
If he opens his mouth...
Let's go.
This bloody Madhavan!
He's on a witch hunt.
Reasoning with him...
I mean...
It's impossible.
All they are looking for
is trophy heads...
...to display in their cabinets.
Look. I'm sorry.
- But if returning the money will...
-[Pherwani] 'Stop it, Harshad.'
You are repeating the same s**t
again and again and again.
We both know the money
is not coming anytime soon.
So, for f**k's sake. Shut up.
Now...
...when Janakiraman...
...will file...
...his primary report...
Those bastards from CBI...
They will come again, for me.
[Pherwani] 'I know.'
I...
...won't be able to handle
another interrogation.
My dream of Delhi has ruined everything.
- Tell me Swami ji, what should I do?
-[swami] 'Hari Om!'
Yes, Hari Om, Swami ji.
Tell me. What do I do?
Obstacles are part and parcel
of life.
You just keep the faith.
How can I keep the faith?
You said the CBI
won't do anything.
They've froze all my accounts
and locked everything.
Time has the key to every lock.
[swami] 'All doors will be open
for you again.'
'In this current situation...'
...let CBI do its work.
F***...
Swami ji, I'll be doomed.
If Madhavan interrogates
Pherwani again...
...he will confess to anything.
We have control
over Pherwani's mind.
[swami] 'Be assured.'
'Hari om.'
Hari om, Swami ji.
F*****g idiot!
[knock at the door]
Papa.
Mom!
[phone ringing]
- Hello.
- Congratulations.
What for?
Pherwani is dead.
Have you seen Pherwani?
He was a fit guy.
I mean, every day on Marine Drive,
without fail...
...he used to jog
like a pro-athlete.
Can a person like him
suffer a heart attack?
[Rajdeep smirks]
I think he became his own hangman.
[Rajdeep] 'For all these days,
you all and the CBI...'
'...pushed up
his blood pressure.'
[Kiran] 'I even heard that
it was suicide.'
'What do you think, Sucheta?'
'Pherwani. Suicide or natural death?'
- 'Sucheta?'
- Yes?
'Pherwani.
Suicide or natural death?'
'Are you okay?'
'Yeah?'
All right.
[woman crying]
For the second time in life,
I've understood something.
'Worrying is a sure path to your pyre'.
I've brought pizza
from Open House.
Come. Let's eat.
What's the matter?
Sucheta?
What's wrong?
-[Sucheta crying]
- I think I killed Pherwani.
Pherwani was our prime witness...
...and now he is permanently quiet.
Finished.
[Das] 'Hmm.'
'Do you think...'
'...it was...'
What do you think, sir?
Local police will obviously say
it's heart attack.
They want to pretend
it was a natural death.
But you know it and I know it.
That's too much of a coincidence.
[Madhavan sighs]
If it wasn't murder then...
...they definitely led him to suicide.
Sir, we are just wasting time, sir.
We have to move.
I have read the first report that
Janakiraman committee has published.
Go ahead.
Let's register a case against
the corrupt SBI officials...
...as soon as possible.
And then, let's enter the bullfight.
You will be our Matador.
[doorbell ringing]
Doesn't anyone hear the doorbell?
Surprise!
Mr. Harshad Mehta.
K. Madhavan.
Finally...
...I get to see you.
No... not a fan.
I'm your devotee, My Lord.
A devotee.
Can I shake hands with you? Please?
A little...
Such a pleasure to meet you.
Would you like to see
the search warrant?
Forget it. I came here
to meet you personally.
There's one thing.
You opened the door yourself.
I'm very impressed.
You have a huge house.
How many square feet is it?
[Harshad] 'Fifteen thousand.'
Fifteen thousand!
Okay. It will take a lot of time.
Do one thing. Help my men...
...to find things...
Excuse me. No!
This is a raid, Mr. Mehta.
You are not allowed to do that.
You understand that.
Not allowed.
Do one thing.
Arrange for some breakfast.
I hear the dhokla here
is really tasty.
Is it true?
Let's try.
Hello, Ashwin Bhai. Greetings.
[Madhavan] 'You don't know me
but I know you.'
Come. Sit down. Come on.
Hello, everyone.
Sorry for disturbing you all...
Hi, kid.
What are you doing here?
Go upstairs.
[Harshad] 'Go upstairs.'
See you later.
Sit down. It will take time.
Sit down.
Come on, Ashwin Bhai.
Have a seat.
Guys, don't break anything.
Please.
Tell someone to bring dhokla.
I'm serious.
I'm serious. Please tell someone.
Please tell someone,
or I'll have to go to the kitchen.
Thank you.
So, 15,000 square feet, huh?
Impressive.
[Madhavan] 'You make us work
very hard, Harshad sir.'
It's been 11 hours.
Everyone is tired.
It's time for dinner.
Let's do one thing, Mr. Mehta.
You come with us to our office.
Kitab Mahal.
We will have dinner there.
And a little chat.
What do you say?
Sir.
We can have dinner
and chat right here...
No.
We have arranged
a buffet at our office.
Do one thing.
You come along too.
Right? Family dinner.
-[Madhavan snaps finger]
- Let's go.
-[Man1] 'Yes, sir.'
-[Man2] 'Yes, sir.'
Sir, let's go.
Come on, sir. This way.
Bring the guests.
[door thuds]
Welcome.
Mr. Ashwin Mehta.
Mr. Harshad Mehta.
I'm taking you into custody.
Let's go.
Come on, drag them.
[phone ringing]
- Hello.
-[Sucheta] 'Have you heard the big news?'
- What?
- CBI arrested Harshad.
Are you sure?
It's true.
They conducted a raid at his house
and they have arrested him.
And they arrested only Harshad?
No, they arrested
Khemani and Ashwin too.
So, that's based on our report.
[Sucheta] 'And on Jankiraman report too.
Listen, can you pick me up?'
Yeah...
They are in CBI custody.
So we should prepare for at least 2 weeks.
Then maybe, if they are lucky
they will get bail.
Can we go and visit them?
We can take
some home-cooked food.
No, Bhabhi, we need to take
permission for that.
I don't think
any of us should go there.
What if they hit them
in custody?
No, no. How can they touch them?
[doorbell rings]
Hello, I'm Sucheta Dalal
from Times of India.
Can we come in?
Hi, I'm Sucheta Dalal.
This is Debashis Basu. And...
Sucheta Dalal.
You are the one...
What reason did CBI give
for the arrest?
[Jyoti] 'Don't you know, madam.
Huh?'
You should know.
Because you know everything.
Aren't you the one who wrote the
articles that started all this?
Look, Mrs. Mehta. I have
no personal animosity towards him.
I'm just a journalist.
And I wanted to report the truth.
Facts.
And we came here...
...because we wanted
to get your side of the story.
- You understand, don't you?
-[Jyoti clicks tongue]
I don't understand anything.
I don't understand...
...how CBI can just take Ashwin Bhai
and Harshad from home?
Later, we come to know
that they've been arrested.
I don't understand...
...that in our country,
so many terrorists...
...criminals and corrupt leaders
are roaming about freely...
...but CBI won't arrest them. Why?
Because Harshad is a threat
to the country.
Isn't it?
You must be thinking this too.
I also don't understand...
...agreed, there's
been a problem...
Investigate it.
Who is stopping you?
[Jyoti] 'We will be right here.'
Look at this house.
Look at the people living here.
Are we a threat to the country?
Madam, a man's story is more important
to you, than the man himself.
That's the fact.
[phone ringing]
Hello.
Why are you telling me?
Put the phone down.
What's wrong?
Harshad's been arrested.
Now?
Now, what?
He told me
that the market will rise.
I borrowed money
on interest. Now I am stuck.
The moment people come to know
that Harshad has been arrested...
...they will come here, pestering us
to return their money.
Where will we get the money?
[crowd screaming]
[Crowd] 'There is a cry everywhere,
that Harshad Mehta is the thief.'
'There is a cry everywhere,
[Madhavan] 'Mr. Mehta,
how do you like our office?'
It's not 15,000 square feet.
Must feel small to you.
It's hot, isn't it?
Should I switch on the fan?
I'll have to call an electrician.
Till then, take deep breaths.
[Madhavan inhales]
Exhale from your mouth.
It will cool you down.
It works.
We had the same problem
in the school where I studied.
There were fans, but no electricity.
This is how I passed the seventh
grade. By taking deep breaths.
Really.
Forget it.
Let's start from the beginning.
Meaning?
Meaning, when and how did you...
...systematically steal
from the State Bank of India?
Go on.
Tell me. We have a lot of time.
Go on. Tell me in detail.
How long will you stay
mum, Mr. Mehta?
Sitaraman has told me everything.
That's why I advise you...
...to tell the truth.
Otherwise...
What did I have
at your house? Gathia.
I'll turn your b***s into gathia.
Got it?
[Madhavan] 'So,
I request you with folded hands...'
'...to tell me.'
What did you do with the money
you looted from State Bank of India?
I haven't looted any money.
I've paid back everything.
Okay.
And from where did you get
the money to repay it?
It must have come from somewhere?
One theft to hide another...
then another, to hide that one...
You've made so many thefts, it will
take time to uncover all of them.
'Till then...'
'...be our guest.'
Harshad didn't get bail.
Why?
They said that they want
to investigate him further.
Are they done investigating you?
Harshad is the only one
in custody now.
Jyo...
Ashwin Bhai,
there's one thing.
The special court had appointed
a custodian...
I know...
He wants to attach
all our assets.
Yes. This is the detail
of all our assets.
You and Harshad need
to sign this.
-[Ashwin sighs]
- Give.
Give me a pen.
Now if the court has ordered it,
we will have to attach the assets.
What option do we have?
Ashwin Bhai,
at least glance at them once?
You've seen it, haven't you?
That's enough.
Fine.
You have to change your strategy.
Crush his hopes.
Make him believe
that if he doesn't co-operate...
...he will rot in custody
for the rest of his life.
-[Madhavan inhales]
- Just do that.
Do you know the number
of cases against you?
Thirty-one.
Defrauding SBI.
UCO Bank bill discounting case.
Maruti Udyog defrauding case.
SBI Cap defrauding case.
That means...
If you get bail in one case,
there will be a second.
If you get bail in the second case,
there will be a third.
You're going to be so badly b******d...
...that you won't be able to
stitch your bum back ever.
[Madhavan] 'What happened?
Too many mosquitoes?'
By the way, there's more good news.
Enforcement Directorate wants
to meet you.
[Madhavan] 'Regarding a case of
foreign currency violation.'
That means, when I'm done...
...they will start badgering you.
Isn't it good?
Bring him some mosquito repellent.
Not possible, sir.
C'mon, give him some...
We can't, sir.
The mosquitoes will suck
all his blood. Lock it.
This is the end
of the Harshad Mehta story...
...as we know it.
From rags to riches...
...to the dogs.
[laughter]
Why so serious, Kedia?
Come on. Don't you guys know...
...people and the press
are after Harshad...
...but RBI's investigation is still on.
And Harshad's arrest means,
sooner or later...
...they will move on
to other people.
- People like us.
- Come on, Kedia.
This is India.
No one dares
to touch foreign banks here.
But I don't run a foreign bank.
So?
Are they going to put you in jail?
-[laughs]
-'Come on. Drink up.'
Come on, Kedia.
Nothing is going to happen.
-[Swami] 'Hari Om'.
- Swami ji, Harshad.
I'm calling from the jail.
I didn't have any other option.
'Harshad, by calling me from the jail
you are increasing your trouble.'
How much can it increase?
I'm dying here.
Look, this is the last chance
for all of us.
If I go down,
I'll take everyone down with me.
'I'll do something.'
'I'll have to discuss it
with a few people.'
There's no time for that,
Swami ji.
This message,
the Prime Minister should...
Convey my message directly to the PM.
'Are you threatening
the prime minister of this country?'
[Harshad scoffs]
You are omniscient, Swami ji.
You know everything.
Come buddy, lock me up.
[Music playing]